Added liquidation_buffer to freqtradebot (#6386)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/leverage.md

"margin_mode": "cross"
```

## Understand `liquidation_buffer`
*Defaults to `0.05`.*

A ratio specifying how large of a safety net to place between the liquidation price and the stoploss to prevent a position from reaching the liquidation price

Possible values are any floats between 0.0 and 0.99

**ex:** If a trade is entered at a price of 10 coin/USDT, and the liquidation price of this trade is 8 coin/USDT, then with `liquidation_buffer` set to `0.05` the minimum stoploss for this trade would be 8 + ((10 - 8) * 0.05) = 8 + 0.1 = 8.1

!!! Danger "A `liquidation_buffer` of 0.0, or a low `liquidation_buffer` is likely to result in liquidations, and liquidation fees"

> Currently Freqtrade is able to calculate liquidation prices, but does not calculate liquidation fees. Setting your `liquidation_buffer` to 0.0, or using a low `liquidation_buffer` could result in your positions being liquidated. Freqtrade does not track liquidation fees, so liquidations will result in accurate profit/loss results for your bot. If you use a low `liquidation_buffer`, it is recommended to use `stoploss_on_exchange`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Freqtrade is able to calculate liquidation prices, but does not calculate liquidation fees. Setting your `liquidation_buffer` to 0.0, or using a low `liquidation_buffer` could result in your positions being liquidated. Freqtrade does not track liquidation fees, so liquidations will result in inaccurate profit/loss results for your bot. If you use a low `liquidation_buffer`, it is recommended to use `stoploss_on_exchange` if your exchange supports this.
```
